Add virt highlights (#148)
ubuntu/ubuntu-release-notes: docs/26.04/changes-since-previous-interim.md

#### Virtualization stack

```{include} /reuse/26.04/virt-hwe-feature.txt
```

> In addition, the virtualization stack got following updates since Ubuntu Questing 25.10:

Reviewer: See https://github.com/canonical/documentation-style-guide/blob/main/styles/Canonical/003-Ubuntu-names-versions.yml

```suggestion
In addition, the virtualization stack got following updates since Ubuntu 25.10 (Questing):
```

#### libvirt

The libvirt package was upgraded to version 12.0.0. Here is the important changes since Ubuntu Questing:

> * libvirt: improved firmware selection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* libvirt: Better firmware selection
```

> * libvirt Add more statistics for block devices on QEMU domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* libvirt: More statistics for block devices on QEMU domains
```

> * libvirt: Add support for NUMA affinity of PCI devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* libvirt: Support for NUMA affinity of PCI devices
```

The QEMU package was upgraded to version 10.2.1. Here is the important changes since Ubuntu Questing:

* qemu: The HPET device does not take the big QEMU lock anymore.

> * qemu: QEMU now supports loading multiple x509 cert+key identities, to allow use of parallel certificates with different algorithms, needed to facilitate the transition to post-quantum cryptography

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* qemu: Loading multiple x509 cert+key identities to allow the use of parallel certificates with different algorithms. This is needed to facilitate the transition to post-quantum cryptography.
```

Update to version 1.24.2. See the [upstream changelog](https://github.com/NLnetLabs/unbound/releases/tag/release-1.24.2).

#### Qemu - Handling Windows 11 upgrades

* Upgrading [Windows 11 can make the VM stop working](https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/qemu/+bug/2131822), to fix this issue and ensure the migration path, we added new machine types:

> * `pc-i440fx-questing-v2`

Reviewer 2: The questing machine type is created only to fix the issue on the base version and not Windows 11 upgrade issue; do you think it is worth to mention it or remove it from the list ?

Author: Thanks I'd not drop it, but reworked that section to be more clear about it.

* `pc-i440fx-noble-v2`
* `pc-q35-noble-v2`

This also affects the same guest on the related active releases, the CPU types with the fix have been provided there as well.
Any newly started guest on these older releases will automatically pick up the new versions and now be able to migrate.
Action is only needed if you specified them explicitly.

> 26.04 and later is not affected right from the start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ubuntu 26.04 LTS and later is not affected right from the start.
```

Author: This will be rewritten in better ways due to more detailed feedback by @hector-cao

Update to version 1.24.2. See the [upstream changelog](https://github.com/NLnetLabs/unbound/releases/tag/release-1.24.2).

#### Qemu - Handling Windows 11 upgrades

* Upgrading [Windows 11 can make the VM stop working](https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/qemu/+bug/2131822).

>   On the qemu version in 26.04 LTS this is already fixed right away. But to to fix this issue in 24.04 Noble

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  On the qemu version in 26.04 LTS this is already fixed right away. But to fix this issue in 24.04 Noble
```

  and 25.10 Questing we needed to add new machine types. To ensure the migration path to 26.04 LTS
  and ensure the migration path the same types are kept here as well:

* `pc-i440fx-questing-v2`
* `pc-i440fx-noble-v2`
* `pc-q35-noble-v2`

Any newly started guest on these older releases will automatically pick up the
new versions but due to the above still able to migrate.

> Action is only needed if you specified them old types explicitly in your old systems.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Action is only needed if you specified the old types explicitly in your old systems.
```
